Add capability to skip GH status check (#1155)
github/gh-gei: README.md

Refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/migrations/using-github-enterprise-importer/migrating-repositories-with-github-enterprise-importer/migrating-repositories-from-bitbucket-server-to-github-enterprise-cloud) for more details.

### Skipping GitHub status checks

> When the CLIs are launched, they check if GitHub has any ongoing incidents and will display a warning message if this is the case. However, if you wish to skip this check, you can do so by setting the `GEI_SKIP_STATUS_CHECK` environment variable to true. This will prevent the CLIs check for active incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the CLI is launched, it logs a warning if there are any ongoing [GitHub incidents](https://www.githubstatus.com/) that might affect your use of the CLI. You can skip this check setting the `GEI_SKIP_STATUS_CHECK` environment variable to `true`. 
```
